README.md, before:

# CPW 204 Todo List

This exercise create a functional ToDo list application that can keep track of multiple ToDo items and whether or not they are complete.

## Live website

## Guide how to setup for initial project

### Install the TypeScript

Download and Install [Node.js] with the LTS version by the link below (https://nodejs.org/en/download)

In the command line run npm install -g typescript Note: "typescript" needs to be all lowercase.

### Compiling TypeScript
To compile the TypeScript files with the watch option, you can use this command in your terminal: tsc --watch The --watch flag tells TypeScript to keep watching for changes on any file that ends with .ts. When it detects a change, it will auto-generate the javascript files.

The --watch option command line only requires running one time whenever the project is open.

### To setup the initial tsconfig.json

Run the command in terminal: tsc --init
This will create a config file named tsconfig.

### To setup the README.md file
Create a new markdown file called README
Write or paste your information into the document, save
Run the command in terminal: echo > README.md

Commit message:

Update README with the live website link

README.md, after:

# CPW 204 Todo List

This exercise create a functional ToDo list application that can keep track of multiple ToDo items and whether or not they are complete.

## Live website

Check out the live website hosted by [GitHub Pages](https://bluestar7589.github.io/Todo-List/)

## Guide how to setup for initial project

### Install the TypeScript

Download and Install [Node.js] with the LTS version by the link below (https://nodejs.org/en/download)

In the command line run npm install -g typescript Note: "typescript" needs to be all lowercase.

### Compiling TypeScript
To compile the TypeScript files with the watch option, you can use this command in your terminal: tsc --watch The --watch flag tells TypeScript to keep watching for changes on any file that ends with .ts. When it detects a change, it will auto-generate the javascript files.

The --watch option command line only requires running one time whenever the project is open.

### To setup the initial tsconfig.json

Run the command in terminal: tsc --init
This will create a config file named tsconfig.

### To setup the README.md file
Create a new markdown file called README
Write or paste your information into the document, save
Run the command in terminal: echo > README.md
